Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, that last video was pretty heavy, wasn't it?
I appreciate everybody sticking through it and praying.
You know, people said, 'Brandon, what did you see?
' A lot of the things that the Lord showed me were very heavy.
But when I was looking into 2025 and the rest of this year, we have prayer assignments to pray for our economy.
Now, we see the Senate—I believe it was the House or the Senate—12 people flipped in the Republican party going against crypto.
So, we have a lot already to pray about if we just start here and start praying over it.
We see them saying, 'Hey, they're butting heads and passing these bills.
' But in my spirit, this is the foundation they have to get right.
They don't want to just hurry up and do everything really quickly and make bad laws concerning these things.
So, we want this done correctly, but we don't want the enemy coming in and trying to put a kink in the hose further with the Senate and the House of the United States of America.
We want the flow to flow, but we want it to be a good flow, and we want it to be stable.
Because what they do right now is laying this foundation, like the Lord told me back in February.
He said they will lay, in the days ahead, they will lay a foundation, and what seems like the wild, wild west right now will become stability.
I saw all these cryptos falling in the days ahead, and it was like stars, but there were five main pillars that rose up in the days ahead and were the foundation of the blockchain in all that is going to happen in crypto and the new industrial revolution.
That is what I saw.
So as we see the wild, wild west become a stable society, we will have to pray this through because there is a lot there to pray through as far as laying a foundation of good laws so it's taxed right and it's fair.
You know, people shouldn't be able to scam people by hiding things, and we don't want them being able to spy on us.
We want them to be able to look into people who are smuggling things and doing things that are crooked, but at the same time, there are a lot of boundaries that need to be set in place so that they are not able to spy on you and do things that are unconstitutional.
You have a right to privacy in a lot of areas, and I feel that that's what's being done right now.
Where is the line?
And I know it's going into a one-world government, a one-world society, a digital platform for a beast system.
So, that beast system is being talked about right now.
Isn't that amazing?
We're living in these last days, and we're seeing these major things take place, yet people are just clueless to what is really going on.
But I'm excited about some of this.
We still pray for Judge Torres.
We're still interceding and believing God that she will let the SEC and Ripple come to an agreement and do all the things they need to do to get it finalized, and we look at that.
But what I thought was interesting, whenever the Lord showed me, as you're seeing the war, as you're seeing the stuff going on with Ukraine, Russia, Israel, and the peace agreement, He said, 'As you're paying attention to this hand, what is being a distraction in the media?
' Oh, an escalation of war.
You know, if anybody joins up with Russia, we'll put a 100% tariff on them.
Now we're going to fund Ukraine.
You've got 50 days and all this stuff going on, the Epstein list, and all this stuff going on.
What's happening over here?
Why is everybody distracted with this hand?
The sleight of hand is going on with this hand.
And that's what the Lord warned us about in prayer on June 17th.
He warned us about this on June 17th and told us, 'You need to pay attention to what's happening in the midnight hour, what's happening in the dark and in the shadows.
For what's going on in the shadows will soon come out in the light, and everyone will see it in the days ahead.
But you will miss a great opportunity for the transfer of wealth of the wicked in your life if you're waiting for it to come into the public eye; you're waiting too late.
' He said, 'You have to see what's coming in the news before it's in the news.
For when it's in the news, it's too late.
' So, He was telling me, 'There's a great missed opportunity if you're not listening to Me right now.
' And I told Diana, you know, we always pray as a family, and I don't want to miss the opportunity because I'm too focused on this hand over here.
'Oh, what's going on?
Oh, no, we've got to pray for Ukraine, everything.
' And so, if you're praying for the war in Ukraine, you're praying for this stuff, you're praying behind.
We need to pray for what is already coming, what is going to come in the outcome with the five-card draw.
And what the Lord showed me as we try to put up boundaries saying, 'Hey, BRICS, you're not going to do this, BRICS.
' You know, like he's all saying anybody who joins BRICS is going to get a 10% tariff on top of what they already have if you're part of BRICS.
So, he's trying to combat BRICS.
And what I tell you, they're just biding their time, trying to just get through his presidency of what they're wanting to do, saying, 'Listen, you've got three and a half years left, right?
' holding their cards.
But I said, as he provokes, as he does this stuff, they were laughing at him behind closed doors and they said, 'Haha, Trump, you won't control us.
Haha, Trump, you're not going to tell us what to do.
' And I saw Cuba.
How many times have I told Braden?
I said, 'Go through each one of the videos and see how many times the Lord has brought up Cuba, Cuba, Cuba, Cuba.
' Watch Cuba with biological things, with the Russian nuclear subs.
What is it the Lord is warning us about to pray about Cuba?
For there will be a time when they extend them an olive branch of peace, saying, 'Listen, if you join up with us, we'll take you out from underneath the Western boot.
' Venezuela, if you join up with us, we're going to take you out from underneath the Western boot.
North Korea said, 'We give an alliance, an unconditional alliance to Russia for military or whatever they need.
We're here for you.
' There are articles all over the place.
I saw a video where Kim Jong Un said, 'We're here regardless of whatever it takes to help Russia.
' Why?
Because he's been promised something.
He's been promised something: 'We're going to help you get out from underneath the Western boot and all the sanctions and all these things if you join up with us and help us.
' I'm telling you what I've heard by the Spirit of God.
And the Lord told me, He said, 'You're going to see the same thing with Iran, the same thing with all this stuff.
' And I'm telling you all, we're seeing a new alliance, a new BRICS nation rise up to come against the dollar, to come against the euro, to come against these things—the SWIFT system with a new digital platform in the days ahead.
And it will be very bad for what I saw financially for America.
We will lose in the days ahead the dollar standard.
It's in the way for the beast system.
It will not be the beast system dollar standard.
It will be the dollar.
It will be the beast system.
So, we will see the falling of the dollar standard in the days ahead.
I don't know how long—I pray it's not right now.
I mean, you know that it's terrible.
I don't want to see these things, but I do want to see my Lord and Savior come back.
And that's part of the system that's going to happen because the Bible tells us.
So, we see those things, and it's happening right now as we speak, as this video is going on.
We see the major earthquake starting to take off.
People are sending me things about the bears, the grizzly bears, and Yellowstone and mountain lions, and there's all kinds of things going on.
You try to ask, "Is this hype or whatever?
Is there something really to this?
" And it depends on who you're listening to, really, quite frankly.
There's a lot of it out there, but I think it's interesting that all the grizzly bears are walking together.
I've seen these videos people are sending to me.
Have you ever seen black bears and brown bears and all of them running like in a pack?
If I was in that car, I'd be freaking out watching that.
They're aggressive little critters.
We see about the elk.
We've seen it.
I've seen it; people send me stuff now.
So, it's really interesting because a lot of you are sending a lot of stuff to Diana and me.
She gets the emails.
She goes, "Brennon, did you see this?
Did you see that?
" I'm like, "Hey, babe, that's cool.
" So, it's fun, all the little things you all send now, trying to keep us updated on the news.
And Diana said, "Hey, I saw this today.
Did you see this?
" I said, "Wow, it's cool.
" So, y'all are trying to help us out.
I appreciate it.
So, we saw that.
What did the Lord show me?
I saw the red carpet.
Now, there is that long hall where he always gives his speeches—Obama's given his speeches there.
It looks like a long hall; there's a red rug there.
That's where he was praying.
There's gold on the edges.
And I saw him on his knee, weeping before the Lord, addressing the American people because of the plague that hits the nation.
He looked skinnier in the vision.
He wasn't as plump in the belly, but he looked skinnier, looking like he's trying to eat right.
He had his hand on his knee and his head like a Tim Tebow stance, kind of.
That's the way I want to say—he was like Tebow doing like that with his hand on his head and his knee, and he was weeping before the Lord in the vision, travailing for America.
I saw the plague again.
I saw the virus.
But at this time, I saw that it affected dogs, it affected cows, it affected the birds, and it was spreading throughout everything, and there was nothing they could do to stop it.
And I'm going to show you a little clip right now that I went to the location of where I tried to tell you all: the Sprouts, the Methodist church, Target, and the Lowe's, and what I was trying to see.
And then I'm going to show you another location of where I saw in the tribulation, where the Hummers were with the blue lights and all that—where they store them during the tribulation.
It was a barbed wire fence, and I remember seeing it when Jesus took me there.
So I told Braden today, "I want to drive down and show them the Target store where I saw the people lined up during the plague trying to get handouts for food.
" They had little sacks of food they were passing out at this Target, and the line started right here at this door.
It wasn't at that door; it was at this door in the vision that the Lord showed me yesterday.
Now, this is the second time the Lord has shown me people lined up, spaced out, trying to get food rations from this Target in the future.
I don't know why—it's interesting when the Lord shows you certain places—and he showed me this.
So, the line went all the way down, and it goes all the way in front of this Lowe's right here in the street.
It goes all the way down.
There's no cars moving around; the parking lots were barren in the vision.
There was nobody driving around.
The line goes all the way down in front of this Lowe's, all the way to the street corner, which you'll see in just a second.
I know it's kind of bad because of all this traffic here, but it goes all the way to the street corner, to the street called Bryant, and it turns right.
There's probably a couple thousand people in that line all the way down, and it goes clear down, and it stops right here on this sidewalk.
That is where I saw it, and people were lined up, but they were all in nice clothes.
They were dressed up really nice, as far as they didn't look dirty or whatever, like normal people.
But I just thought it was kind of interesting in the vision what I was seeing, even with this last one about the plague and how people were trying to get sack food—they were trying to get their food rations there.
Now, I'm going to take you to the Sprouts where I saw the tent city and the church.
So, in this parking lot right here is the tent city.
Okay, so the tents are there.
It wouldn't be really a city, but it's like a place for medical, because all the hospitals were full and they had no place to put all of the sick people.
So, they set up tents in the vision of what the Lord showed me.
They set up tents in this Sprouts parking lot, and they're makeshift military tents all spread out here with cots.
All this was all tents, like military tents.
And you could see cots all in this parking lot.
There was no longer a grocery store; the grocery store was not being used, but they were using it for medical purposes right here in this parking lot, right here in the vision.
So, when I was in the spirit, I could see this again.
I was driving on this road right here, and I was driving down right here, and I could see this Sprouts parking lot just like I'm driving right here, and I could see this Methodist church.
You see it, son, right here.
You could see that Methodist church, and that was in the vision.
And this tree right here, this big tree on my right right here—you see this tree?
It had yellow leaves in it.
That's why I knew it was fall.
That tree right there in the vision, with this little school, this territorial school—that tree right there had yellow leaves, and it was all turning for the fall.
This tree right here, that's how I knew, of course, it was fall time.
But I just thought, "Wow.
" Because when I'm driving and looking at this church, and I'm at this stoplight, and I see those makeshift tents, those military tents, that yellow tree, and this right here—that was all in the vision.
And as I kept driving in the vision, I could see this Target coming up with the Lowe's and the people lined up outside trying to get food.
And that's what I was seeing in the spirit as I was praying and went inside the vision.
It was so clear in yesterday's video.
Now, folks, I'm telling you, when I see things like this, it was very heavy.
It was very heavy, what I was seeing and what the Lord was showing me.
There were no cars driving around; there wasn't anybody hardly around.
You could see people trying to get food, but the military tents—that was what freaked me out, and it was a hospital.
This is another place that I saw in the tribulation.
This is where they will store the Hummers.
The people that I told you had like black outfits on, and they had the little sound machines that were knocking people down with the electric pulse gun thing.
This is where some of the headquarters is for this city in Edmond where we are.
This is one of the places that I saw in the tribulation where they store the Hummers and the military stuff.
This is where I was at, and I'm going to go right to it and show you all the location of what I saw in the tribulation.
That right there, this National Guard place is where they keep all the stuff.
You see that, the Edmond National Guard?
All that up there is where I saw the Black Hummers.
All those parking places were full of black Hummers, and they had the blue lights.
That was the main, major place that I saw in the Tribulation where they store stuff.
So, I don't know why the Lord showed all that to me, but it's just what we saw when I went to the Tribulation with Him.
And that was one of the places.
And this is 20 miles.
Well, yeah, it's about 15 to 20 miles from Guthrie, from the major place that I saw all the people gathered around the temple worshiping the Antichrist on Fridays.
So, what do you think about that?
That's pretty interesting, huh?
Because I told Braden and Diana, "Let's go there and let's film it.
" So, Braden was helping me, Diana was helping me.
We filmed that location so you all could see that.
The other part of it was the Lord said, "Pay attention to the frost concerning this year, concerning 2025.
" He said, "Pay attention to when the first frost will be.
" He said, "September will be a time to remember for great change.
A great acceleration of things will start to take place from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
The birthing pains will start to increase to a point where you're not going to recognize the world.
" Folks, the Lord showed me.
He said, "This is the beginning of great sorrows.
This is the beginning.
You're going to start to see where the labor pains, where the harvesters and the sowers are going hand in hand.
You're going to start to see a great transfer of the wealth of the wicked.
" And even during that time frame, I don't want to skip around, but I'm going to right now because I'm remembering things.
During that vision, when I saw the yellow tree, I'm going to go back to that.
I saw football stadiums.
And football is not—I'm talking about your World Cup.
A lot of people say, "Brandon, you're talking about the World Cup.
" No, I'm talking about American football—Cowboys, you know, the San Francisco 49ers, whoever your team is.
The NFL is what I was talking about, not the World Cup.
So, I forget everybody calls football something different everywhere, you know, because some people say soccer is football, which we call American football.
I'm talking about like the OU football or college football.
And this was our American football.
What the Lord was showing me was major stadiums empty in the fall, with people not going to them during the plague, and I saw them completely empty.
And that was another sign to me that it was in the fall that this was taking place—the leaves, the football stadiums.
And He was trying to tell me a time frame when we should be paying attention to something major that was going to try to take place, but not this year.
I need to make that clear: it's not 2025.
I believe I was looking into 2027, trying to mess with the economy, and I saw it with China, with rats using things, and it started in Europe.
I want to say that it wasn't about America at the time; it started in Europe.
This plague will start in Europe, and it was with rats.
So, that's whenever I said, "Lord, can we stop some of these things?
Lord, how much of this can we stop?
What is it?
" You know, because there are certain things that I know, with the prophetic gifting of what the Lord's given me as a watchman, there are a lot of things that He says, "Brandon, you bring it before the people and we pray and we bring this down.
" Now, is this part of the end times?
I believe so.
Yes, with all my heart, I believe it.
If it talks about it in the Bible—plagues and pestilence, wars and rumors of wars in Matthew 24—we're not going to stop it.
Those things will not be altered other than I believe that we have a divine protection.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is what the Lord told me about, and I told Diana—we've been talking about this for a long time—getting Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 inside of your heart.
If you go over what He said in His word, He will protect you underneath the shelter of His wings.
His word and His truth will be a shield and a buckler to you.
I believe if you get that word down inside of you as a firm foundation, a pillar, goodness and mercy will follow you all the days of your life.
If you don't have that, I told you, if you're lukewarm, the devourer is coming to your house.
And I tell you that in urgency to tell you it's not time to play church anymore.
It's time to wake up, for Jesus Christ is standing at the door.
And many people are living a lukewarm lifestyle.
They think, "Well, grace, grace, grace," and I believe in grace with all my heart, but it does not give you a license to sin.
It does not give you a license to say, "I'm going to live the way I want to live.
" You can live in grace, but don't abuse it and have an attitude of, "I'm going to just live the way I want to live.
" We must live as holy as we can by saying, "Hey, Lord, here am I.
Send me.
" Now, if you mess up, folks, I understand people skin their knee.
But we don't have a license just to practice sin.
We don't have a license to practice it.
We have a license to practice holiness, and we walk with Him as closely as we can.
"Father, I thank you, Lord, for your mercy is good, and your mercies are new every single day.
Great is your faithfulness to me.
" But it doesn't mean...
I had a friend say, "You know, brother, it's under grace.
I can go to the strip clubs and I can go out and find a hooker, and it's all under grace.
God's forgiven my past, my present, and my future, and I can go...
" I said, "You can't do that.
" "Well, it's under grace.
" And he would truly do it.
He'd go to strip clubs and he would have hookers and all this stuff.
I'm telling you, folks, that is deception.
You cannot live that way and think you're going to make the rapture.
You cannot live that way and think you're going to make heaven.
You have to live purified before Him, without spot or wrinkle.
It's time to come up higher with the fire.
And I just want to encourage you all today because of some of the things I've seen in the last video.
It was heavy.
And as I saw before, Donald Trump getting shot this time last year when that whole word came out about his ear, and he was radically converted in the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
But I saw the darkness that was all over America.
And as he began to pray and intercede in the Oval Office with the pastors, with the teachers, or whoever these men were, that darkness lifted above the tree line.
It did not go away, but I could see the darkness...
as we interceded for the nation, I saw the darkness lift above the trees.
And I'm telling you all, that's what it's going to take in these last days: a praying president.
And the Lord told me, He said, "Brandon, you will be so thankful in the days ahead that you have President Trump, for he will become a praying president, even more radically born again.
" You say, "Well, yeah, he drops the F-bomb, he does all these things.
" Folks, nobody's perfect.
And I'm telling you, you know, there may be times you stub your toe and you drop some bad words.
But I'm telling you, it's time we look not at a man, but we look to Jesus, that He's going to help us, but He's going to use a man.
And I'm telling you, I've seen it.
I've seen a radical conversion with Trump and Melania in the days ahead.
A major move of God is coming to America.
A major outpouring of the spirit of God is coming to America beyond anybody's comprehension, bigger than anything we've ever seen before.
Jesus is standing at the door.
I talked to Maurice Sklar on the phone today.
He called me, and we were talking about when we believe the rapture of the church is.
He said, "Brandon, I believe it'll be in the next—before the next five years.
" We've gone over things.
When do you think it'll be?
My answer to him was, "You know what I've seen was as the Lord said right now.
" I told Maurice, I said, "What we're praying for, what we're believing for right now is this three-and-a-half-year window going into the next Shemitah cycle.
The next Shemitah cycle starts in 2028, going into 2029.
" And that's what the Lord told me about.
I believe the rapture of the church will start at the end of a Shemitah cycle, getting ready for the next seven years.
And a Shemitah cycle will be the beginning of a tribulation and the end of a tribulation—a seven-year cycle and a Shemitah cycle.
And then this Shemitah cycle will end in three and a half years.
So we just have a window.
And the Lord said, "What will you do with this window, this extended window?
I've given you a window of opportunity and all you need is a sliver of time.
" All you need, Brandon—and people are like, "Well, we have ten, 20, 30, 40 years.
" Folks, I don't believe we have that long.
Even if it's three years, people are disappointed.
They're like, "I want him to come back in 2025.
" Folks, if he comes back right now, there will be billions of people go to hell.
There will be billions of people go to hell if he comes back right now.
We must have a harvest of souls, leaving the 99 and going after the one.
There are many of you praying grandmas.
There are many of you praying mamas and daddies out there that are believing God for your unsaved loved ones, for your children, for your wayward wives, your wayward husbands, for them to come back and serve the Lord Jesus Christ.
And I believe God's giving us that window right now.
There's a great shaking to awaken.
And I believe as we see the wealth of the wicked laid up for the righteous with these crypto bills and the foundation with gold and silver and these things coming, I'm telling you all, this will be the greatest wealth transfer we could have ever hoped to imagine or think.
What is it for, though?
I want to say that over and over again.
What is this for?
This is for getting the gospel out so that we can reach...
It's going to take billions, if not trillions, of dollars to preach the gospel throughout the whole world, and then the end will come.
We're fulfilling what the scripture—Jesus told us the fulfilling of the scripture—that we should preach the gospel to every tribe, every tongue, everybody, and then the end will come.
We must speak to the globe all the way around and say, from North Korea to Japan to China to Venezuela to all of it, that we have the greatest move of God all throughout Africa and throughout Asia, from the Middle East or whatever, that we've ever seen before.
And I believe we're seeing it right now.
We're seeing the first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation of it.
And it's exciting to be a part of it.
But, you know, we see that it feels like we're on a powder keg when it comes to crypto.
We see Bitcoin going up to all-time highs of $120,000 per share.
That is crazy.
I told a dear sister in the Lord, she helped me one time, and she was asking me where she wanted to put some money she got from her life insurance from her husband passing, or whatever people try to tell you.
They said, "Hey, what do you do with your money?
What do you do?
" I said, "I'm not a financial adviser.
I'm not a financial adviser.
" People are always asking me that kind of stuff.
I said, "You must follow the voice of God for yourself.
" But on this occasion, I felt prompted because it was a widow, to tell this individual what to do with their finances.
And I said, "This is what the Lord told me.
Now you pray about it.
" So they came up and said, "We didn't feel a peace about that.
" I said, "Well, okay.
Well, then I missed it.
You just go on.
" But the exact thing the Lord said when it was down here, if she would have taken the money what the Lord said, which they had, it would have turned over $14 million within the last seven months.
$14 million increase.
And I give all the glory to God about some of that stuff, folks, because, you know, it's hearing in part, seeing in part.
But that was a chance.
What I'm trying to tell you all, that was a chance for a wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous to...
I don't even know, that kind of harvest is ginormous, you know, but it's exactly what the Lord said.
So the individual said, "I put it in this," and that was at like $70 at one time, and now it's all the way down to like 18.
It crashed big time.
So you cannot be led by your flesh, but you're led by the spirit and what the spirit of the Lord is telling you to do.
Now, I'm not here to ever tell you you're missing it.
That's not my place.
My job is to always pray that God gives every single one of us the ability to hear him, because that's what his word says: "My sheep will know my voice, and a stranger's voice they'll not follow.
" Now, familiar spirits try to come in, demonic spirits try to come in and cause confusion.
That's why we get into this word every single day.
And the more you get into this word and you have a foundation of the word of God inside of your heart, the more "he abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you.
" I believe that this was a for-instance, after I started doing the math on it because I had Diana do it for me, telling me what the return was because I remember the prophetic word.
So when I brought this up to the individual, and after I said, you feel sorry for folks because a $14 million increase is a lot of money.
I mean, that's life-changing wealth, and they missed out on it.
That's why I said there's great opportunities in the days ahead.
If you don't act whenever I tell you to act and stay in sync with me, hearing my breath, hearing my heart like a clock ticks—a fine watch, as a clock ticks, a Swiss watch—it's perfect, precise, on-target prayers.
Hearing his voice, knowing when he tells you to do something and following it, saying, "Father, I'm staying in sync with you.
I'm staying vertical with you and you'll tell me what's coming.
" And so people miss it, and that's why I was trying to tell you that was a for-instance, and it's sad because it happens.
It happens, and so you go, "Bummer, man.
Well, you do your best, and we all are doing our best.
" But I'm telling you, that's what's about to happen for a lot of people.
And a great missed opportunity will be...
What the Lord said to me, Braden, "There will be great missed opportunities.
You must stay in sync with me, for you'll have great missed opportunities going in through 2025 and 2026.
" I saw clear into May of 2026 a shifting and a global realignment with these tariffs and all this stuff going on.
Remember I said, "Watch the Sooners.
Watch the Sooners with South Korea and Japan concerning things.
Watch the Sooners.
" The Lord kept bringing that up, and I thought that's interesting, the things that he tells us.
So all that being said, I know I went over a lot of things really quickly.
I try to keep you all up to date is what I want to always say.
It's like I'm trying to keep them up to date where I'm praying and where I'm at right now.
And so, I'm still watching Cuba.
I'm still watching what happens with Ukraine.
I see what I've told you all, that a great shaking of the finances will happen in Canada, as Trump is saying we're going to put these tariffs in on August 1.
And the Mark Carney is freaking out.
So will all that go down?
I said I saw Canada becoming no boundaries financially in the days ahead with Mexico, and he was putting the big tariffs on Mexico.
So Canada and Mexico joined up with America in the days ahead.
I saw that and I've told you that over and over again.
And he tries to build back America better, but it's not as functional because of how bad everything is financially.
So, I just pray that everybody's hearing him.
I pray with all my heart that we're following after the voice of God in these last days, that we have what we need to get the job done, that every person is doing their part.
Many hands make light work, and there's no one greater and there's no one lesser.
We're all a body, and we're working together, right?
One's the toe, one's the finger, but I'm telling you, as we work together, we get a lot done.
I just want to say thank you for coming over and supporting me on the Kim Clement show with Donne.
That was so awesome.
There were so many of you all that came over there in the live chat and were being so kind, everything on Sunday.
That was a real blessing.
I really appreciate her doing that with us.
And you know, I pray it blessed you all.
I thought it was fun, something different, you know.
And so, I don't know if I'll ever do anything else again like that, but it's just me flowing, you know, just trying to follow the spirit of the Lord with all I've got, y'all.
And it's exciting to be able to go on another platform and share the love of God to people and talk about what the Lord's telling me.
And so, there was a great response.
And so, a lot of that is because of you all.
A lot of you came over there and were supporting, and I just wanted to say thank you.
And we have a lot of new faces.
Braden said we got 1,500 new subscribers in the last couple of days from probably that channel and just doing this last video, but I just want to say welcome to everybody.
1,500 is a lot, and so we just want to say thank you, and we welcome you here.
Thank you for coming and joining the prayer army.
You know, it's exciting.
We have a lot of work to do as the body of Christ working together.
And so, there are over 1,500 new faces today.
And so, we're excited about it.
I said, "Boy, look at how the Lord's growing this thing.
" So, all glory to God.
That means we're at 551,000 people, I believe, all together on this main channel.
So, I just look forward to the fall.
You know, I know what the Lord has shown me about the fall of this year—great changes and great things accelerating.
And so, we look forward to Sister Billye Brim's prayer conference.
She has that prayer conference every year.
And we went last year, and it was awesome with the tent revival and all that.
And this year, we're going to do it again.
And so, that's in October.
So, if you're looking to have something fun to go do in October, I encourage you to come to Branson, Missouri, where the leaves are changing and the cool breeze is coming in, and you've got the Ozark Mountains, and it's just fun, you know.
There's a prayer conference coming again in October.
And I said, "You know, that's only like three months away, you know.
Here we got August, September, October.
I mean, July is half over with.
" So, all glory to God, we're excited about it.
So, here it comes again.
And Billy Burke is doing his meetings, and you know, it's exciting.
So, we're going to try to hit a lot of those up, especially in the fall, and travel around and look at the leaves and things.
But I told Diana, I said, "It's my favorite time of the year.
I love football, our American football.
I love the changing of the leaves and the turkey legs, and it's fun.
Don't you all just love fall?
Pumpkin spice, you know, so good, glory to God.
It's cozy weather.
" So, Father, I just thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us, that you show us that which is to come.
Lord, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
And we thank you, Father.
We thank you, Father, for fall conferences and times of refreshing.
Thank you, Lord, that we are in that season again, where we're already starting to swing back around and go into the shorter days, because God, your seed time and harvest never ceases.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the days become longer and the days become shorter.
And it's the signs of the times we're looking at right now that Jesus Christ is coming, as we see the signs that things are changing right in front of us.
I thank you, Father.
I feel to pray over the surprise Pearl Harbor attacks against this nation.
And I thank you, Father, that our law enforcement, Homeland Security, FBI, CIA, Father, all of them, Father, would have their eyes open and be watching as we enter into the late summer and going into the fall and going into the winter months.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for our football season.
And Father, I know what you showed me about a retaliation of China's economy, a red dawn experience with Iran and all these major things trying to take place with North Korea, and what you've shown me, Lord, you've warned me.
And I thank you, Lord, that the enemy within is being exposed as we speak, that the people are being found out, and that, Father, what the devil meant for bad, God, you're going to turn around for good.
And I believe, Father, that you've called us on this channel as mighty prayer warriors for such a time as this, that we raise up a standard against the devil, that we say, "Satan, thus far and no further.
" And as our children get ready to start back to school in the next couple of weeks, Father, we thank you, Lord, already for divine protection, for the right teachers, for the right friends, for the right place.
They'll be in that divine flow, that divine protection as they go back to college in the next couple of weeks, they go back to school.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your divine hedge of protection around them as we start to close out summer.
I thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for healing over our bodies.
And the Lord said, "Pray for jobs.
" People are believing for jobs right now, jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for promotion at their jobs right now in Jesus' name.
We call forth their jobs to be blessed, Father, that they would have great raises in 2025.
That part of their wealth transfer will be a great raise, bonuses, Father, for Christmas bonuses and end of the year bonuses.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that everything they put their hands to will prosper.
We lift it up before you, Father, and we thank you, Lord, that every need we have, every bill is paid, every debt is wiped out.
I thank you, Lord, that we're blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out.
I plead the blood of Jesus around and about our houses, and around our health, and around going out.
They say, "Well, this is the flu time of year.
" No, not us.
Father, we have divine health.
We don't participate in the flu virus.
We don't participate in stomach bugs.
We don't participate in any kind of sickness and disease.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that your word says that we will walk in divine health.
We walk in your divine health, Father, that we're healed and whole and well by your stripes in the name of Jesus.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, for your body, and I lift it up before you, God.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your healing, for your wholeness, for your wellness, that we're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
By your stripes, we're healed.
We take authority over sickness.
We take authority over disease.
We take authority over brain fog and brain things with the mind.
We say in the name of Jesus, we're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
I speak to thyroids to be healed.
I speak to testosterone to be healed.
I speak to all kinds of blood sugar things to be healed.
We thank you, Lord, that even men's prostates and women's ovaries, all of it is healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
All of it concerning their bodies, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that the divine healing flows through every single one of us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet, Father.
We take this body, and we thank you, Lord, that you became sickness for us and that we don't have to have sickness.
We don't have to have disease.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're delivered from it in Jesus' name.
So Father, we lift up the blood before you, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that we confess our sins.
You are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood right now.
And we plead the blood over our unsaved loved ones.
We plead the blood over us, and we thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time walking in divine protection in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, it's all washed in the blood.
Do you believe that today?
Are we believing believers or are we not?
That's what I keep telling myself.
Are you a believing believer or are you not?
You know, when I go into the doctor and I get my labs done, they said, 'Your testosterone's low.
You've got to have testosterone and all these things.
' I start speaking to my body.
I'm telling you, just because I'm on here and I preach, I tell you all these things, but I'm still standing for things for myself.
Hey, I'm healed.
I'm whole.
I'm well.
I'm delivered.
I wonder, you know, there's so many things with my weight and blowing up the way I have, there's hormones that I've got to get in line with testosterone.
My testosterone is 36.
And that's just telling y'all, just being real with y'all.
I had no idea that my testosterone was that low.
The doctor said, 'I've seen women's testosterone higher than yours.
' And I wonder why I was feeling the way I was feeling, but I don't talk about it.
I don't talk the problem.
I just keep standing, and I keep getting heavier and heavier, and there's things going on.
I think, 'What is going on with me?
' But I go in there, and they do all the labs and everything, and they check me out, and they say, 'This is what's going on with you.
' I go, 'Hmm, well, that's something I knew I had to believe for now.
' And I speak to it and take a little bit of something for it and say, 'Okay, well, I'm not going to be moved by it.
I'm not moved by what I see, but I'm feeling better.
My mind's feeling a lot clearer.
' And you think, 'Well, you know, men need testosterone to function.
' You know, it's just interesting.
God made our bodies fearfully.
We're fearfully, wonderfully made, but we have to be moving and going like a machine.
And I go, 'Wow.
' You know, as I get older, 45 isn't that old.
And I'm thankful for everything else was perfect.
Everything else was good.
All the other labs are good, but it's just something I have to work on a little bit.
And I'm going to get my weight back down.
But all glory to God, ladies and gentlemen.
But I'm telling you all, praying for things and you go, 'Hmm, interesting.
Interesting.
' You know, I know every single one of you are believing for something, and you're believing believers.
I sure like this water.
I'm not sponsoring this water, but this water—I try Fuji and all these other Fiji water and all that, I don't like that water.
I like this water.
This is my favorite.
I try it all.
I'm a water snob.
If I don't like the way it tastes, I won't drink it.
I told Diana, I go, 'I don't like Aquafina as much as I like this.
This is better.
' She's been getting this for me because I like it.
So, I'm thankful it tastes good.
So, I'll pray with y'all for a little bit.
You want to pray with me?
You want to go tubing?
So, there's a lot of you that don't like the longer videos, and some of you that do, but I think the most people complain about is the longer ones.
But they said, 'We don't even watch them anymore.
' Well, that's fine.
I pray some of you all stick around for it because there's a lot of things the Lord's trying to tell you.
But you have to understand, God is not a microwave.
It's a slow cooker.
When you're praying and you're seeing, you don't put God on a time schedule.
You know, 'God, you've got 15 minutes to talk, and if you don't, I've got things I've got to go do.
' Who are you to ever talk to the Father that way?
I flow until He says stop in my spirit, and I just honor everything He has for me, regardless if it's convenient.
Praying and having a relationship and doing things is not always convenient.
Come on.
It's part about growing and knowing that His agenda is all that matters.
'What do you want for me and my life, Father?
' And people want God to move in their time frame.
'Well, you know, that prophetic word didn't happen whenever we thought it would.
So, I guess it's a false prophecy.
' And you don't know how any of it works.
20 years, 30 years goes by, and then you start to see something.
And then you think, 'Well, I forgot about that word.
' It's nice when they—I told even Kim Clement, I said, 'It's amazing when it happens within a couple of weeks after you gave the word, but that's usually not how it happens.
' He tells you something, and you wait sometimes five, six years, seven years, and then you go, 'Whoa, I remember when the Lord said that.
I remember.
' But the Lord said, 'I'm going to accelerate things.
I'm going to accelerate things.
' And we're seeing it now within just about three or four months, sometimes six months, but we're seeing it really quick.
And used to, that never happened like that.
And I'm like, 'Wow.
' It makes it fun when you see things happening that quickly, and you don't have to wait years for it, waiting and waiting and waiting.
The birthing pains are on top of each other.
I'm expecting a major volcano to erupt.
I'm expecting a major earthquake to happen.
I'm expecting a financial wealth transfer.
I'm expecting wars and rumors of wars.
I'm expecting the glory.
Did you hear about that guy that died and he got raised from the dead?
They had a big car wreck out on the road, and the people died, and the preacher prayed for him, and he got up from the dead right there, and it was all on live TV, Facebook Live or whatever.
I mean, seriously, I'm expecting something so huge to happen like that that we go, 'There's no way AI could even mess with that.
There's no way to even take away,' and God gets all the glory because it was live television.
There's no way AI messes with live TV.
You know what I'm saying?
It's pre-recorded and messed with.
It's live.
So, let's just see if we go tubing together.
All right.
I always call it tubing because it's like going down a river.
You know, the river, it flows.
When it comes to intercessory prayer, you're flowing with the prayer.
You're flowing with the Holy Spirit.
And it's a river, and it pulls you.
And if you're not in the right river, you can feel it.
It's dry.
And there's a lot of times when I do these videos and you're trying to find where the river's at for that, for the vein of what you're trying to hit, that vein.
It's like a nurse trying to get the vein.
I don't know, it sounds gross, but it's like you're digging around in there.
What are you going to hit?
I mean, you've got to go.
You've got to flow.
It's my Braden always goes—I don't know how else to say it.
It's gross, but it's the truth.
You dig around.
What are you doing?
Come on.
We've got to hit it.
And you've got to find a good vein.
I don't know what else to say.
It's like I try with all my heart to—and it's dying to self, listening to Him and saying, 'Father, what's on Your heart today?
' What's on your heart today?
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for You are good and your mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness, Father, as we see all around us all the time.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Instantaneously, I start hearing it.
What did He say?
He said, "These days are precious and very few.
There are very few days left.
The days are precious and very few.
" He even said to us, "Remember what I said?
I've looked forward to this time that you're about to step in more than what you have ever wanted it, for us to be at the end of Adam's lease, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force concerning the body of Christ, flowing in the end-time glory, seeing the demonstrations and the manifestations of the glory of God like we've always dreamed of.
" I was listening to Brother Kenneth E.
Hagin today talking about the gifts, and the Lord told me, "There are healing gifts, and there are gifts of creative miracles.
" The Lord Jesus moved in the Spirit without measure.
He had it all.
He flowed in all of the gifts.
He flowed freely in them because He's the Son of God, right?
But I was praying.
He was talking about coveting the greater gifts, desiring them, chasing after them, wanting them with all your heart, wanting Him, chasing after Him.
How hungry, how desperate are you for the Lord Jesus Christ in these last days?
How bad do you want to see change?
How bad do you want to see change in your life?
And there's so much of it that we get to the point where we become so satisfied with where we are because, well, it's where we are, and it takes effort to get out of it.
It's like pulling yourself up the side of a cliff, and you've got to pull yourself up, and you are so determined to get out of it.
I was thinking about some of the things He was talking to me about, about the gifts and learning how to flow in the gifts of miracles.
Flowing in the gifts of miracles.
Who flowed in gifts of miracles?
Healing is different than a miracle as far as needing, whenever it comes to working in creative miracles.
A creative miracle is not a healing.
It's growing out a limb or growing out an eye or whatever it may be.
That's walking in miracles.
Healing is like, well, she had a cold and we prayed for her and the cold went away—a virus went away.
I want to see creative miracles.
Children with autism is a creative miracle.
We need to see children, all these children bound with autism completely free, with Down syndrome and cerebral palsy.
I have such a heart for children that have special needs, raising a child with special needs.
Now, I have compassion more than ever on the families.
And when you've been through something, you can have compassion because you know what they've been through, especially severe stuff, and you go, "Yeah, I get it.
" But not many people can say that unless they walk it.
But I ask God all the time, "Give me a special anointing for children with autism.
Give me a special anointing, Father, with kids with Down's, with mental retardation, with all the things that plague these children.
Father, I thank You, Father, that there are special anointings, special endowments of faith to raise the dead, to cast out devils.
" Father, I thank You, Lord.
We walk in the light.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for the light.
Let there be light.
Healings flow, deliverances flow, creative miracles flow.
Take us over again, Father.
Create in us a clean heart today, Father, as we are preparing ourselves as we pray for Mel Gibson in the Hollywood scene, that the theaters will be filled with the Holy Spirit and fire, that we will see one of the greatest demonstrations and manifestations we could ever hope, imagine, or think.
We believe, Father, this is a time like never before, that we will see this great outpouring.
Father, I thank You.
Oh, Lord, we worship You today.
Fill our cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
I keep hearing it: this dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
That's what He's talking about.
Do you understand where we are in the time of this dispensation?
Where are we in this time of the thousand years, this 6,000?
Where are we in these 6,000 years?
We're at the end.
And I keep seeing the sky.
When I'm sitting here and I'm singing, instantaneously, I'm in the summer and I'm looking over, getting ready to go into the fall, and I can see it all.
It's time to rest it all.
As we go into the fall, it's time to rest it all.
A great, great outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord.
Start looking for it: of His finances, of the great harvest of wealth transfer.
I'm looking at it.
I'm seeing people with brand new houses.
I see people with green grass and brand new houses.
I told you I saw going into the fall.
I just saw it.
The Lord said, "Say this again.
" I saw a wooden door, and whenever we went through the wooden door, there were green, lush pastures and beautiful sunflowers and beautiful yellow flowers all throughout the pasture.
Remember that He said, "Remember the flowers, remember the sunflowers.
" That's usually what happens in September.
Sunflowers come out in September.
Here in America where we live, sunflowers are a summer flower, big sunflower seeds.
I see the green.
I see the cloud the size of a man's hand.
And it's beginning to rain.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I see the month of September highlighted before me right now.
Again, I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Now I see August and September again.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Oh, it's time for you to believe for bigger.
Many of you right now are just believing for what it's going to take to barely get you by.
But you need to believe bigger—bigger numbers and bigger overflow is what I just heard the Spirit of the Lord say.
"Believe Me for bigger.
It's time to come up higher.
" I see it again: beautiful homes for people, beautiful cars for people.
We lack no good thing.
Don't settle for second best.
God wants you to have His best.
He said, "Don't settle for second best.
God wants you to have the best.
God is as big as your faith will allow Him to be in this window of opportunity.
" I see it again, going all the way in.
I saw a glimpse of the dinar again.
I see the Persian rug again.
I see the fall.
I see the transfer.
People are celebrating at the wealth transfer.
Whenever you get the wealth transfer and you've got the wealth in your hands, don't bury it.
I heard the Spirit of of the the Lord say, "Don't bury it in fear, worried about what you've got.
" "Well, this might be our only wagon full, hun, so we'd better bury it.
" The Lord said, "Don't be foolish and do this.
Don't be foolish and bury it.
" Whatever that means to whoever that means to—I don't know what that means to somebody, but burying it—but He said, "Stretch out your net and believe for bigger, for I am your vast supply, and there is a fountain that never will run dry.
" I am the vast supply.
Stretch out your net, for there is an abundant supply.
Don't bury it.
There is a lot of you that will bury it in fear.
Well, we've got to hoard back.
But what has He said?
Brandon, I am bringing forth—some of it, the beginning stages, is seed money.
For whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
And you say, 'Well, I haven't had the seed to sow.
' Don't eat your harvest by eating your seed.
Don't eat your seed.
The Lord said, 'Don't eat the seed.
Sow the seed and I'll provide a harvest.
' And some of you will sow a whole bunch of seed, a whole tree, and you'll reap an orchard.
You'll sow the whole tree and you'll reap an orchard.
For seedtime and harvest is accelerating.
Seedtime and harvest is accelerating, and you've got to believe for bigger in these last days.
Well, 'This is the way we've always been.
' It's time to break the mold.
We're not going back into that cage that we came out of.
You're free from that cage, that birdcage.
And the Lord said, 'Don't go back into the cage by burying the seed,' per se, in a box without being planted.
You know what I'm saying?
You try to hoard it.
It's hoarding.
'Well, we've got to wait for a rainy day in case there's a rainy day.
' You've got your rainy day fund.
You could have half a million dollars or two million dollars in a bank account, and you're sitting there looking at it and you're going, 'That's for a rainy day fund.
' But that was before what you were believing for.
But the Lord said, 'I've got more in store for you if you would just sow it and let it go through you.
Don't be a dam; be a river for what's about to take place.
' For I am your vast supply.
There's more where that came from.
Okay, can I say that out loud?
I saw a certain cryptocurrency, I will say that, go up higher.
But the Lord said, 'There's more where that came from.
' Oh, there's more where that came from.
It will be in stages.
I see the dinar again.
I see the money.
There's been a demonic hindrance.
There's been demonic hindrances, and God is removing those hindrances today where He is stepping on the scene.
And what seemed impossible is going to become possible because all it takes is a little push in the spirit realm.
A little push.
Oh, we say, 'Oh.
' Fake outs, shakeouts.
Don't be moved by shakeouts.
Whatever that is.
Shakeouts, fake outs.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'Shake out fake outs.
' A wealth like you've never seen before is what I have in store.
A great opportunity.
Everything will change within a day.
Oh, Father, we thank You, Lord, for the great change within a day.
A change within a day.
The enemy would try to keep you down each day.
The enemy would try to make you wear a frown each day by keeping you down, holding you down, and keeping you bound.
But the Lord wants to set you higher and higher and higher, and you will flow like a bird hitting the wind.
Oh, and He wants you to smile within.
Smile, it's time to smile, for the enemy's been defeated and it's time to be glad, not be sad, for I have great things in store.
He says, 'I have great things in store for the believer's door.
' There's great things in store.
Thank You, Lord.
Oh, remember the bridegroom brings gifts to the bride.
The bridegroom brings gifts to the bride in the courting before the coming of the bride.
He's standing underneath the chuppah, but he's bringing the gifts before the bride, 'for I'm coming.
I'm standing at the door, and I've got great things in store to be whole: spirit, soul, and body—physically, financially, mentally, emotionally whole.
' Thank You, Lord.
For He said, 'I've set a great table.
I didn't set it with bad stuff, with plastic-ware.
I set it with fine china.
I've set a great table before you in the presence of your enemies.
' There's a great table prepared before you.
Oh, it's not like plastic-type stuff; it's the fine china.
God's prepared a place for you.
He's got a place for you.
Tapping into it.
'Well, I've only got my Social Security.
I've only got my welfare check.
' Believe for more, for 'I have great things in store.
' He says, 'Speak to your mountain.
Speak to your circumstances to change.
Your mountain has to hear your voice.
You have to speak to your circumstances to change.
I've done everything that I'm going to do for you concerning the wealth transfer.
Speak to it.
Call it to come forth.
Call forth the prosperity.
Call forth the lack to go.
Speak to the lack to go, calling all those things that be not as though they were.
Calling it in right now in the name of Jesus.
' Money, come forth in the name of Jesus!
'Money cometh to me now in the name of Jesus.
I call it out of the world's economy into my hands in the name of Jesus.
' Money, cometh to me now in the name of Jesus.
Father, we call it in.
We say now in the name of Jesus.
Oh, Lord, we thank You, Lord.
We're not going to be broke, busted, and disgusted.
We're going to have more than enough as we go through this door.
Thank You, Lord.
Hallelujah!
It's time to believe that the seed you've sowed in the past will come to harvest at last.
Change your stinking thinking.
Start speaking to it and rejoice.
And rejoice in the Lord always, and again I say, rejoice.
That's what He's saying today.
He wants people to believe Him for bigger.
'Well, if we can just get back a couple hundred thousand dollars, Paul, we'll just put it back in the bank, and when all this bad stuff's coming around us, we'll have a nest egg.
' And the Lord said, 'Is that where your faith is at, to just barely get by, to just have a nest egg?
' He said, 'Believe Me for more, for I have great things in store.
' Glory to God.
Hallelujah!
That's exciting to me.
I see beautiful houses with white fronts on them, with beautiful trees and beautiful flowers.
All good and perfect things come from the Father.
Cars that are like Range Rovers that are nice.
Believing for cars like a Range Rover—that's what I believe for.
Believe for a nice one, black with three rows.
Believe Him for more.
It's time to get excited about what God's doing in these last days, ladies and gentlemen.
It's time to get excited.
There's great things in store.
It's time to get excited as He opens up the door.
Shaking off the things of the past that have held us bound, that have held us back.
It's time to shake it off in Jesus' name.
God's called us to come up higher.
Boy, I tell you, looking at the change and the wealth transfer, I see it on people and they're so excited for what they're getting.
He brings good gifts to those that love Him.
If we, being evil, give good gifts to our children, how much more will He give good gifts to His children?
I just see that He has so much in store for you if you just listen to Him.
What does He tell you to do?
Whatever He says to do, do it, like He did with the woman whenever Mary came to Him.
She said, "Fill up the water with the wine.
Turn the water into wine.
" Jesus whatever.
And then he said, "Go get the pitchers of water and fill them up.
" He said, and she said, "Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
" Glory to God.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
Oh, Father, we praise you.
There's so much in store.
There's so much in store for my beloved.
I'm telling you folks, he wants to do so much for you.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the healings and demonstrations and manifestations today.
I'm telling you, things that have been held back and we've been kept in lack are going to suddenly be an overflow—24-hour turnarounds.
That's what's going to happen.
You need to believe for your 24-hour turnaround.
What is that going to look like for you, where you are sitting there and you wake up the next day and everything that you ever believed for is standing at the door?
Healings, demonstrations.
Some of you say, "I believe God for a spouse.
I believe in God for a godly man.
I want a godly man.
I want a godly woman.
" 24-hour turnaround.
She's coming.
He's coming.
Who are you believing for?
Are you getting ready?
Are you preparing yourself for it?
Well, I don't know.
You know, I'm just going to sit around and not take care of myself and do all this stuff, or go out and try to find them, whatever.
They're just going to knock on my door.
It took the fishes and the loaves to multiply to feed the thousands and then have 12 baskets of overflow.
It didn't happen with nothing.
So you have to know God is a God of multiplication, and he takes your little and makes it into a lot.
And I believe as we do what he's told us to do, he takes our little and makes it a lot.
And it's not always looking for a mailbox mentality.
Well, maybe I'll have a superstar Hollywood celebrity write me a check.
It could happen.
They call and say, "Hey, Brandon, I've been watching you.
Let me help you out in your ministry.
" You know, that could happen.
I can see that, right?
But what does God usually do?
He tells you to do something and says, "Listen, I'm going to put your hand, I'm going to anoint your hand to do something, and it's going to multiply.
If you just do this, this, and this, I'm going to multiply what I've called you to do.
" Does that make sense what I'm telling y'all?
It's time to believe God for exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
Father, I'm just thanking you, Father, for those exceedingly abundantly.
I thank you, Lord, for the exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think kind of God that you are.
Thank you, Father, for the third row Range Rovers.
Believe God big for the third row G-Wagons, why not believe God for something big?
Well, that's materialism.
Well, why not?
What a better way to show up and show off, and then you driving in the best and the world goes, "How in the world did they afford that?
" Only my God could do it.
Only my God provided.
You got a big bumper sticker that says God provided.
I don't know.
But somebody in your family is going to look at how did they do that?
Only God.
How'd they get up out of that wheelchair?
How did they get their marriage better than it's ever been before?
Only God.
They don't ever fight anymore.
Boy, they look like they're sure in love.
Doesn't it look like they've got a good marriage?
Why not believe God?
Well, they're always fighting.
No, no, no.
We're always in love.
We always have peace in our house.
Believe God for big.
All our kids are serving the Lord.
They're all radically on fire and in youth every Wednesday night or whatever.
Do you see?
What are you believing God for?
You have to give God something to pull on, something.
You got to give him something to work with.
Well, I don't know if God can ever do it.
No.
God is as big as your faith will allow him to be.
I'm believing God for big.
I want, man.
I believe God could show up and you live in the best gated community in all of your city.
Believe God.
I got the best tennis shoes.
I don't have to wear cheap shoes that fall apart.
I've got the best tennis shoes, you know?
I don't know.
I'm just trying to pull stuff out, trying to think, man, I got the good seats down at the baseball game.
God loves sports.
Why not believe God?
I've got season tickets to the Thunder next year.
I've got season tickets to the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't know, I don't know.
Whatever your heart's desire is, God said he'll give you the desires of your heart.
My God will supply all my needs according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
But he said he would give me God will give you the desires of your heart.
What's your heart's desire?
I want a pretty wife, and I want a pretty home, and a pretty car.
I don't know.
I don't know what you believe for, but you just believe for something big.
And I believe God will provide it.
God will take care of you.
He said it's not good for man to live alone.
So believe God for a spouse, a godly Christian spouse.
Why not believe for it?
That's what I did.
I got it.
God was not...
He didn't say, "Brandon, you know, you're believing.
" As much as I believe she's out of my league.
Ever since I look at her, I go, "My wife's gorgeous.
I love...
I look at her, I go, how in the world did I do that?
" I slap myself all the time.
I tell her all the time, "I don't know how, it was just God.
" I can honestly tell you that.
I say it's just God.
When I look at her, because people go, "How did you get a wife that is beautiful like that, Brandon?
How did you get a wife that loves the Lord like you?
How did you?
" God.
I'm going to tell you, a guy that's chunky like me and does all that I've done, and was broke as I was, you look at me and go, "How did you keep her for all these years?
I'm a praying man.
I seek the Lord as a family.
I pray for her.
We intercede together.
But I can tell you, it was nothing that I can honestly...
it was all God.
I give him all the praise for giving me a wife like that.
And he's honored me as a man.
He gave me the desires of my heart.
I believed him as a kid.
Father, I thank you for a pretty wife.
I don't want a snaggletooth, but I thank you, Lord, that you got me the best.
And he provided what was my heart's desire.
He did.
He did it.
And I can honestly tell you it is exceedingly abundant.
She's exceedingly abundantly above all that I ask or think, precious to me every day.
If he did it for me, he'll do it for you.
Live in a shotgun house my whole life and God blessed me with a home.
Do you understand?
God is not...
his hand is not short.
Diana tells me all the time, "Brandon, God's hand isn't short.
You believe God to do big, believe God for big.
" But his hand isn't short, ladies and gentlemen.
That's why he's trying to tell you today in this prayer time.
You want to have a house in the Hollywood Hills, his hand isn't short.
It's not my heart, I don't want to live there.
But I'm just saying, you know, somebody might be watching this and want to live there.
"I want to be neighbors to the Kardashians.
I want to be neighbors to whoever.
I want to witness to them every day and pray for Billie Eilish or whoever.
" I just know God has bigger plans and thinks a lot bigger than what I do.
And he may use you to bring some of the biggest celebrities to Jesus and you don't even realize it.
All it takes is a window of opportunity, and you sit there and witness to somebody, and you get them saved.
Run across some Kanye West.
Do you know how long I prayed for Kanye West before he became radically saved and then sounds like he backslid?
But I interceded for that man for you.
Braden seriously Braden knows I interceded for that man for years and then all of a sudden he had God stuff.
Jesus is Lord had the purple stuff and all that and then all of a sudden he's having a hard time again but doesn't mean that God can't spark it again.
I prayed for Kanye West for a long time for the Kardashians to get born again.
I prayed for Kim Kardashian and for all them all the time to get radically saved and on fire for Jesus to the point where I said I believe that Kanye West is going to be the biggest soul winner this world has ever seen before.
And I'm still believing that even if he's having a hard time, I'm still believing that Billie Eilish will come to Jesus or whoever.
You go, Justin Bieber did it and I'm believing he's still going to get radically saved.
He needs help.
You pray for these people.
They come underneath great demonic attack.
The devil tries to ruin their influence by sin and all this stuff.
And I'm telling you, we have to pray for them.
They have a lot of celebrity and whenever that happens, you're in the spotlight and you're a bigger target, a bigger target than a lot of people that are working for McDonald's or Walmart.
You know, you have to realize that's what happens.
The bigger the target, the bigger the attack.
You have to pray.
Say, "Father, I thank you, Lord, for Donald Trump today.
" Well, he dropped the F-bomb the other day.
He's under so much pressure.
He cracked.
I'm not giving him excuses, but we need to pray for him.
He's like, "Epstein lists don't exist.
" I mean, seriously, he's under a lot of pressure.
And you go, "I don't agree with anything.
" Well, I don't agree with all that, but we still pray for him.
I don't know, I get off on these things, but I'm just telling y'all there's a lot happening right now, and God is about to do some amazing things from what I'm seeing.
Well, I pray this video blessed you today.
I know it's kind of different, but it's what I have, you know?
It's what His heart is.
Just praying over, praying over.
He's wanting me to spur you to tell you to believe Him for bigger.
And when you get it, what are you going to do with it?
Bury it or you going to help people out with it?
You going to say, "Well, I got my little bit of harvest, honey.
Let's go bury it and go live in the mountains.
Get our survival food, our little water purifier, and our electric.
" And that may be what you would do with it.
But I'm not stopping there.
I'm believing for bigger.
I want to believe for bigger.
What is He telling me to do?
What is He telling you to do?
Could be two different things, but I'm just saying we're believing for bigger.
All right.
Well, if you could subscribe, subscribe.
I know this video is kind of different today, but I pray it blessed you.
I don't want to ramble, but I'm just telling y'all it's on here.
So, that's what He's talking about.
Believe for bigger.
Subscribe.
Click the notification bell.
Click the like button.
Click the thumbs up.
Do everything you can to help me spread this gospel throughout the whole world.
Tell your friends, tell your family about us.
We appreciate every single one of you that says, "Brandon, we are behind you.
We're praying for you.
We're lifting your family up in prayer because we need it right now.
" The bigger the target, I'm telling you all, it's been wild.
But I'm going to tell you, we're so grateful for every single one of your prayers.
Every single one of you that says, "Brandon, we're loving on you.
We just want to tell you we watch you, we support you, we love you.
" And Diana and I are so grateful for all the positive people.
Positive, the little letters, the little things, "Hey, we just want to tell you we love watching you.
" I had a little kid draw me a picture.
Little girl drew me a picture and Diana said, "Wasn't that sweet?
We have children watching us.
" And it's such a blessing that we have little children, five-year-old little girls and boys watching us, drawing us little drawings and pictures.
And I just thought, isn't that cool?
They say (I'm sorry, I bumped the camera), "This is Brandon and he's praying and preaching," and they say, "We always put our little baby in front of you and you're talking to our TV screen.
" So I say, "Hi.
" But they're watching me and we pray together.
And I think it's cool.
I just go, "Hey, man.
Little kids are watching us.
" So, I just want to be encouraging.
But we always close this broadcast by telling y'all, "Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
We'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.